add  zone and shape filters  for GiVersion and DbSystemShapes (#30071)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/oracle_gi_versions.html.markdown

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region to query for the GI Versions in.

* `shape` - (Optional) The model name of the Cloud Exadata Infrastructure resource. Possible values are `ExaDbXS`, `Exadata.X9M`, and `Exadata.X11M`.

> * `zone` - (Optional) The Cloud Exadata Infrastructure Azure zone.

Reviewer: It probably makes sense to update these descriptions to make it clear these are for filtering the returned versions

> * `shape` - (Optional) The model name of the Cloud Exadata Infrastructure resource. Possible values are `ExaDbXS`, `Exadata.X9M`, and `Exadata.X11M`. This is used to filter out the available GiVersions compatible with the given model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `shape` - (Optional) The model name of the Cloud Exadata Infrastructure resource. Possible values are `ExaDbXS`, `Exadata.X9M`, and `Exadata.X11M`. This is used to filter out the available GI versions compatible with the given model.
```

Reviewer: Looks like this comment is not yet resolved

> * `zone` - (Optional) Indicates the Azure zone for the Cloud Exadata Infrastructure, used to filter the available GiVersion within a given region.

Reviewer: Similar to my other comment in the system shapes data source doc

```suggestion
* `zone` - (Optional) Indicates the Azure zone for the Cloud Exadata Infrastructure, used to filter the available GI versions within a given zone.
```

Author: done
